(One Night Two Days)
(The best trip voted by our viewers,)
(Gimje Countryside Diary Special)
(Dragonflies bathe in the sun.)
(Cosmoses say hello.)
(It's fall.)
(We're at Gimje...)
(at a countryside village.)
- What now? - No way.
Are we here to work on the fields?
We're here in Shindeok Village,
Gimje, North Jeolla Province.
Isn't it close to your hometown?
Yes, mine's only half an hour away.
The rice here is delicious.
It's Korea's largest breadbasket.
It's the only place where you can see the horizon.
- The horizon? - Really?
Isn't that it?
Isn't it that linear line?
The endless horizon.
One can be seen at the sea too.
- Really? - Knowing that...
is nothing to be proud of.
Farmers get busy around this time of year.
- Now that scares me. - So today is...
the Country Side Diary Special.
Really?
(He knows what's going to happen.)
It means we're working today.
We're probably all going to have chores.
Think of it as an abbreviation.
- We're all working. - Right.
So let me introduce you to the elders of the village.
- They will hand out jobs. - Please come on out!
(Like greeting a son back home)
(There's a skip to their steps.)
(Helicam recording)
(However,)
(they suddenly stop dead in their tracks.)
(What's going on?)
Come on over!
- Over here. - They find this awkward.
- Hello. - Hi.
Please have a seat over here.
- All right. - Hello. Have a seat.
- Here. - Thanks.
- Hello. - Over here.
(Finally, they're in their seats.)
(Why are they facing that way though?)
(They couldn't care less about the celebrities.)
The elders of the village are in love...
with our helicam.
They're asking if it's remote controlled.
Remote controlled?
- It's coming closer. - Here it is.
Here it comes.
- Come on. - It's the helicam.
(Did I startle you?)
(Greetings)
We're over here.
Look over there.
Wave at the camera.
Hello!
(Hi!)
Isn't it cool?
And now it flies away.
(Over and out!)
They are your partners for today.
They got dolled up to meet you today.
- Really? - It's nice to meet you.
- Hello. - Greetings.
- Hi. - Hello.
Look how pretty they look today.
That's right.
Do you all go to the same salon?
- No. - No?
- Not at all. - Really?
- They see other stylists. - I see.
Of course.
Do you normally wear your pearl necklace to work?
Of course. I see I still have it on.
I guess I forgot to take it off.
- I mean... - Look at her.
Her pants match her shoes and gloves.
(She's the resident fashionista.)
You're very stylish.
- I'm drawing blood today. - Blood?
Yes, over here.
- I see. - That was alarming.
(They thought they had to donate blood.)
She gave us a hint of what we're doing today.
You all heard her.
So now we'll go ahead...
and let them decide on who they want as workers.
The six ladies here today will...
tell you about the jobs they have for you.
You should know that some are harder than others.
- Gosh. - I knew it.
What's the toughest job today?
Guys, look at their shoes.
- Look at the shoes. - That's enough of a clue.
- Look at hers. - She has on boots.
- The boots. - My goodness.
The job she has for us must be the hardest.
So let's start with the easiest task.
Jobs will keep getting harder and harder.
So ma'am, could you tell us about the job...
you have for them today?
I'm taking Jong Min to harvest chilies.
- The tops of chilies. - Really?
- Chilies? - Harvesting chilies.
- Right. - The tops of chilies.
- We'll work at home. - At home?
- Really? - What?
- That should be easy. - That's easy.
You can work while facing each other.
What if he ruins the chilies though?
You'll get an earful from me!
That sounds quite easy though.
Would it be okay...
to take someone else instead of Jong Min?
I only need the one.
She must be Jong Min's fan.
Do you even know our names?
- I don't. - She only knows Jong Min.
My name is Cha Tae Hyun.
- Tae Hyun? - Yes, that's me.
I only know Jong Min for sure.
- No way. - That's unbelievable.
How can this be?
His seven years here wasn't all for nothing.
- Right? - It was worth it.
Of course.
So Ms. Oh, who will you choose?
You know who it is.
- The one beside Jong Min. - I only want Jong Min.
(Jong Min will take tops of chilies.)
No way.
- He'll be a disaster. - Don't take him.
Whomever I choose is up to me.
- How could you? - Come on.
It's supposed to be a fair process.
(It should be fair!)
But...
- Why are you yelling? - Whatever.
The next task won't be that bad either.
Ma'am, what task do you have in store for them?
I'm going to the market.
- The market? - That'd be great.
- To the market? - So I need someone...
- who can bargain well. - It'll be a day off.
- Ma'am, please. - That's me.
- And good with numbers. - 2, 3 dollars.
I used to be great at that.
Ma'am!
You look beautiful today.
You look like the youngest of the bunch.
Can we be friends?
You're barely a few years older than me anyway.
I see he has a good eye.
- She is the youngest. - Really?
See?
I'm this good at driving a bargain.
We're really good at bargaining for things.
- But he's the worst. - I don't like you though.
- Did you hear that? - I've nothing to say.
So I'm choosing the one in the red shirt.
- What? - Ma'am.
- Me? - No way.
- You can't do this to us. - Ma'am.
Ma'am, I'm wearing a red shirt as well.
The moment I walked in...
and saw you all,
I immediately grew fond of him.
- That's impossible. - Please, ma'am.
They're making decisions based on looks.
This isn't about who they fancy.
I stand no chance then.
(Meanwhile, she takes a good look at them all.)
(Why is she looking at me?)
Did you immediately feel a connection?
He looks like my son.
(Joo Hyuk will go to the market.)
Congratulations on an easy task.
(The two are delighted.)
The other two didn't do so,
but the ladies left are now...
scanning our faces.
(Quietly, they scan the remaining four.)
They're choosing as we speak.
Let me ask you this. Do any of you only care...
about who's the strongest?
- Not me. - Do our looks matter?
I like someone who takes my direction well.
- Someone obedient. - Yes, that's it.
I need someone who listens to what I say.
It can't be someone stubborn.
- She means you. - You mean me?
She thinks you're stubborn.
Next is a task with a level three difficulty.
This is where the tasks...
get a little trickier.
- Oh gosh... - I don't like this.
I'm working on the chili field,
so I need someone with strong legs.
- Here. - Look at this.
I like the one wearing red pants.
(Do you mean Joon Ho?)
- I like his legs. - Thank you.
- Ma'am... - They're great.
- Is it me or not? - He needs to be strong.
Is it me or not?
- He needs to be strong. - Ma'am.
Tae Hyun over here has the strongest legs.
- He does. - I do.
He fathered three children.
I need all three of you.
(Pardon?)
It's a job for about 5 to 6 people.
But this is a level three task.
You need to be strong too.
Let me ask you this then.
If you had to choose one, who would it be?
I've liked him from the beginning.
They've already made up their minds.
- This is meaningless. - Unbelievable.
Ma'am, who do you have in mind?
You.
(I want you.)
What?
I'll be doing the level five task!
- Gosh. - Unbelievable.
The lady at the end has been making eye contact.
You seem very strong.
See?
There was no point to this.
Anyway, thank you so much.
(Joon Ho will pull out chili stalks.)
Why are you more tanned than the lady with...
the level five task?
That's because I work a lot.
I work day and night.
- That's why. - Day and night?
You don't seem like the type to take breaks.
- I don't. - You don't take breaks.
I keep on working.
Why won't you take breaks?
That's what I thought.
Okay, next.
- Only three are left. - Gosh.
I need someone who are good with dogs.
- Dogs? - Dogs?
He should be good with dogs.
I'd also like him...
to follow my lead and do as I say.
Are we building a dog house?
- Yes. - Let me do it.
- I'll do it. - What?
My friend!
What was that?
You were already chosen by someone else.
Who do you think will...
follow your orders the best?
Out of you lot? I'd say none.
Goodness.
(They're good for nothing.)
Ma'am, how about this?
You can choose whoever mimics a dog the best.
- A dog? - A dog or a puppy.
(That's a good idea!)
- That's a good idea. - All right.
(If that's what you want...)
Unbelievable.
(Your wish is my command.)
(He waggles his tail.)
Look at them.
(They suddenly all become dogs.)
(Tae Hyun flips on his back.)
(You're a sweetheart.)
That dog has a sunstroke.
(Panting)
(Is he exhausted already?)
He is useless.
- This dog collapsed. - I think he's sick.
You're right.
That's a sick dog right there.
(Tae Hyun snags the opportunity.)
He's very good at this.
That dog's peeing.
(Which dog?)
Look at him.
(The fat dog!)
(He sure looks strong.)
Are you a tiger or a dog?
Ma'am, you should choose the sweetest dog.
I choose him at the end.
(Tae Hyun will build the dog house.)
(What about these two then?)
Joon Young is out of luck today.
Since I'm nearly the last to choose,
I'm losing all of my top choices.
(She doesn't like either of them.)
That's too bad.
He's much stronger.
Joon Young isn't lucky today.
The level five task.
What job do you have for them today?
Papering.
- What? - Papering.
(Compost?)
No, papering.
You'll be papering a wall.
- A wall? - With wallpaper?
(They will paper a wall.)
- I love interior design. - Papering.
I'm tall, so I can reach higher places.
My dad used to run a paper mill.
But you're too heavy.
Me?
You're too heavy to step on a chair.
(He's disqualified for safety reasons.)
(Defconn is hurt.)
- Right. - I need someone...
- Someone young. - He needs to be light...
and nimble.
But...
- That's what I think. - He's fast.
Joon Young's fast.
I'm chubby too,
so it wouldn't be safe if I chose you.
If that's the case, then he's your man.
- I guess you're mine. - He's also tall too.
You were born to be mine.
Did you hear that?
She says you were born to be hers.
(That was the most direct proposal ever.)
(They are made for each other.)
They're made for each other.
(She's already picturing how to utilize Defconn.)
He is pretty big.
She thinks you're too big to fit in the rice field.
Do I have to get in the field?
Of course. You need to weave in and out.
- In the ditch. - Do you like me though?
- His glasses... - You're too big.
She thinks you're too big.
You're too big for the job though.
He's too big to weave in and out.
He's too big.
What about him then?
Would you like Joon Young instead?
Yes. He probably is nimble.
The choice has already been made.
Play rock-paper- scissors for him.
You can't.
We've been sticking to the order so far!
- Gosh, we're sorry. - Goodness.
Take him instead.
Take him.
- No, I won't. - I need the other one.
Others should play rock-paper-scissors too.
It can't just be me.
- Did you hear that? - You're absolutely right.
Joon Young, get over here.
The choice has been made.
Defconn's hers.
(Defconn has to go to the rice field.)
(Joon Young will paper the wall.)
Ma'am. Please bear with me.
He looks good.
We hope we don't cause any trouble,
so we'll do our best.
You'll need to fit between the crops.
Defconn.
(Throwing)
- Already? - You should wear them.
They are your sons for the day,
so treat them like your very own.
Can I smack them too?
- Of course. - Really?
Is that a joke?
If you are...
satisfied with the job they did,
you can also pay them a small amount.
I can't give you much,
but I won't let you go hungry.
- Really? - That's great.
Ma'am, ma'am.
Just know that I don't eat much.
Doenjang.
Am I supposed to eat that?
- Doenjang. - Unbelievable.
(That's what she meant.)
That's how she meant it.
That's how she replied to Defconn's statement.
Doenjang.
It makes a delicious sauce.
Of course. Anyway, you can pay me...
only if you think I did a good job.
- I'll do my best. - Sure.
- She's hilarious. - I know.
I want to win her approval.
Do you have pork belly at your house?
No, I don't.
- What do you have then? - Doenjang jjigae...
and aged kimchi.
- Of course. - That sounds great.
It's the best.
Will you even have time to eat though?
That's right. We won't.
I'm busy every waking minute of the day.
You should enjoy your life more.
I will!
Anyway, let's all do our best.
- Of course. - We can do it.
- Let's go. - Good luck.
Let's ask her to cue us in then.
- Just say, "One Night". - Sure.
Say "One Night" on the count of three.
We'll join in by saying "Two Days".
Which camera should we look into?
- Just make a V. - Okay, I got it.
- Are you ready? - Just say "Two Days".
- All right then. - Are we good?
1, 2, 3.
- One Night... - Two Nights!
What?
(Isn't a night with them enough?)
A single night is not enough for her.
She wants us to stay for more than a night.
- You'll lead us in. - One!
- The others will follow. - Say "Two Days" together.
- We'll do it together. - "Two Days".
- 1, 2, 3. - 1!
- 2. - 2!
You'll say "One Night" alone.
One Night!
(Take three)
Hold on. What was that?
(She remained silent since she might get it wrong.)
- One Night... - Hurry up already.
- We're losing daylight. - Of course.
- You'll say "One Night". - She's right.
She'll be the only one saying it.
You've been great so far.
You know what you have to do, right?
- All right. - Here we go.
- One Night... - Two Days!
(Finally, they did it!)
Ma'am, wait for me.
Wait for me.
(She busily heads off alone.)
Like I said, I'm busy every waking minute.
How about we go out into the town,
do some shopping,
and eat at some of...
Gimje's most delicious restaurants?
- What do you say? - Sure.
Did you listen to what I just said?
We need to go that way.
My chilies are over there.
Are we going to work already?
(She wasn't listening after all.)
- Is this it? - Yes.
Whose field is it?
Mine.
Are we working already?
But we just got here.
It takes over two hours to pull these out.
You don't have to do it today though.
It doesn't have to be done today.
Of course. Will you do it tomorrow then?
(Will you do it tomorrow?)
(It's your job either way.)
Is that it?
(Joyous)
(It's going to be quite the day today.)
(Who's putting on these extravagant pants?)
(It's Defconn with the level six task.)
(He puts on his big sized boots.)
Ma'am!
Where are you?
- Do I look okay? - Sure.
- I'm here. - You really are huge.
That I am.
Gosh. Is it always so hot here?
No, but it is around this time of year.
So my job is to...
- pull out the weeds. - That's right.
Gather them with your hands.
All right.
Let's say these are weeds.
Take them in your hands...
and cut them with a sickle.
- Grab and cut. - I see.
How long do you do this for normally?
From 8am to 6pm.
(She normally works from 8am to 6pm.)
6pm.
- 8 hours a day. - I think it's 10.
- Is it 10? - Yes.
- Then it's 10. - Yes, 10.
You work 10 hours a day.
- Get in this way. - Sure.
Weave in and out of the crops.
Make sure you don't break any of them.
Of course not.
That'd be bad.
You can watch as I make my way down.
Aren't you coming?
I'm not.
I'm your supervisor today.
I see.
- I'll get to it then. - Sure.
- You can watch me. - Go ahead.
- Look how I'm doing. - Watch the crops.
Am I doing well?
(The supervisor has her hands behind her.)
- Am I doing all right? - Get on with it.
- I'll get rid of them. - Sure.
Do you get leeches around here?
We do.
(We do get leeches.)
You have on boots, so stop worrying.
- You over there. - Yes?
Discard the weeds you cut...
- at the end of the ditch. - Sure thing.
Be careful.
You'll ruin all the crops if you fall down.
Right.
- You over there! - Yes?
What's your name?
It's tricky. Anyway, it's Defconn.
What did you say?
(Depugonie?)
- Defconn. - Defconn?
Yes, that's right.
- Defconn. - Right.
Your name must mean you're big as well.
Yes, exactly.
Are you still watching?
- Be careful out there. - Sure.
I shouldn't ruin a single crop.
It's 10 cents for each ruined crop.
Sure thing.
Here it is.
(Standing awkwardly)
(Finally, he pulls out his first weed.)
Is this it?
- Is this it? - Yes.
- Did I get it right? - Yes.
Make some noise!
- Okay! - Thank you.
These weeds are a menace.
Ma'am, is this always done manually?
- Can't machines do it? - They can't.
They'll cause too much havoc.
Of course.
Do you see the weeds in front of you?
Grab them with your hand.
All right. I'll do just that.
Once they're gathered, cut it with your sickle.
- My sickle? - Cut it across.
- Like this? - That wasn't deep enough.
Reach further down.
- Further down? - Yes, at least half way.
I can't tell them apart.
(It's not easy to spot them.)
What about this?
- What about this? - Good job.
I did a good job.
Ma'am, when do we eat?
(You haven't done any work yet.)
At noon. Noon!
Noon?
I should've cut them...
before the crops started to grow, so I'm late.
There aren't many hands to help, right?
- No. - There aren't.
I'll help you as much as I can today.
(The black area are fields of weeds.)
The weeds are tough too.
(It's not easy since it's his first time.)
(But he does his best.)
(Meanwhile, at Joon Ho's chili field)
- Do I pick the red ones? - Yes.
Pick them and cut the strings.
You need to pick the chili stalks.
I need to pick the stalks after picking the chilies?
Yes.
(After giving instructions,)
(Mal Lae starts working.)
(She looks skilled in using a sickle.)
(She's unbelievably fast.)
(She keeps working without a single break.)
(She's the master of the chili farm.)
You need to get rid of the supporting sticks.
I'll do it. Let me handle this.
I'll do the work that requires power. I'm a man.
(Struggling)
(Why is it so firmly stuck?)
My goodness. It won't come out.
This is harder than I thought.
Could you try picking one?
(Defconn tries to pick one pole.)
Here you go.
(He easily picked it out.)
(It's easy.)
Something is wrong. It's supposed to be hard.
I didn't know it required power.
Gosh, this is hard.
(A little while later)
(Joon Ho got the hang of it.)
(He picked out a few stakes.)
Mal Lae works all the time.
She works even at night.
- I'm so unlucky. - You are indeed.
She's the only one working when others are singing.
I was once scared by some rustling noise...
while passing by here. It turned out to be her.
(Joon Ho is picked by a wrong partner today.)
Son, don't be so frustrated.
I'm going back to Seoul, Mom.
I want to go study.
My talent doesn't deserve this.
I'll go to Seoul and become a lawyer.
I'll give this to you. I'll give this to you.
Since you worked hard, I'll give this to you.
What are you saying? I'm tired of chilies.
We always eat chilies at home.
(Her son is sick of chilies.)
Defconn, how far have you done?
Would you like to come in and try picking one?
No, thank you.
That's the hardest task, isn't it?
- Why don't you help him? - Pardon me?
I've got to help her.
Mal Lae and I work and help each other,
while you just watch him working...
like a supervisor.
He's really sly.
- What are you saying? - I'm better, right?
Ma'am, aren't I better than him?
- You are. - Make some noise!
What do you want from me?
"What do you want from me?"
(Joon Ho and Defconn get used to the work.)
(There's a child here who doesn't know what to do.)
- Do you live alone? - Yes.
- Really? - I live alone.
You must be living in a studio apartment.
(The room to paper will be small.)
(Welcome to the palace.)
Do you live alone in such a big place?
(This is where Joon Young will be working today.)
(Repaper the old wall.)
- This... - We need to rip it first.
- Rip it? - Yes.
Should I rip the paper first?
Yes, you should.
Very well.
(But...)
(He's so poor at ripping it.)
Ma'am, doesn't this look artsy?
What?
(Clumsy)
It looked like something.
Oh, no. There's a spider.
It's all right.
(He's so scared.)
We're in trouble.
If you work like that, you can't finish it by today.
You're right.
How was your first impression of him?
It's all right. It's all right, but...
he's a little weak.
Ma'am, you need to speak a little more quietly...
so that I can't hear.
Will I ever get to finish it?
You'd better rip it more quickly.
Let me search how to rip wallpapers.
How to rip wallpapers easily.
Can you search that too?
It'd be perfect to have something like this.
It'd be great to scrape it with something like this.
Hang on a second.
I'm not sure if this will do.
(Did she find a scraper?)
Here's a knife.
Here.
This is not what I need.
What do you need? That one is a bit sharp.
This is a knife.
Just try scraping like this.
(It works.)
(He peels the wallpaper the way he peels fruits.)
Just like that.
(He peels the paper with the help of the knife.)
I think we can start repapering now.
- Ma'am. - Yes.
- Give me some food. - Pardon?
I want to eat.
(You haven't worked much.)
I have to cook then.
What do you eat normally?
- What? - What do you eat?
I eat only aged kimchi and rice.
You're a liar.
Let's eat pork cutlet.
My goodness. I can't eat it. It smells too strong.
Do you not eat something like pizza?
I don't like pizza either.
(There is no pizza.)
You like that kind of food because you are young.
Do you want some snack? What about bread?
- Pardon? - Do you like bread?
No, thank you.
I'd like to eat pork cutlet.
I don't have pork cutlet.
(Chuckling)
(Meanwhile, Joo Hyuk heads downtown.)
Why did you pick me?
When all six of you were standing in front of me,
I wanted to pick you. You reminded me of my son.
Then I will call you Mom...
the whole day today.
I will call you Mom. Mom.
You're my mom today.
Do you know the bus schedule? I don't know.
Let me go ask around.
The first bus comes at 10:26am.
(The bus comes every one hour.)
Mom, Gimje seems to be...
known for cosmos.
I saw many cosmos on the way here.
(An old bus station)
I think this is my first time...
waiting for a bus at a bus station in the country.
I've seen people waiting here while driving by,
but I have never been here myself.
(He's a passenger of the country today.)
Hurry up.
(Let's ride the country bus to the market.)
I feel like I'm visiting my aunt in countryside.
Who do you think looks the most disobedient?
The worst worker.
Do you think young people here are good workers?
They aren't.
They just study and play with computer.
They don't know how to work.
I think Tae Hyun will work hard.
I think Joon Young will work all right too.
But I feel like Joon Ho, Jong Min, and Defconn...
will be talking only.
I love you, Lee Yong Im!
Let's work together, Lee Yong Im!
I'll use this cane here. You should watch yourself.
I'm sorry.
I was just trying to make you like me.
Forget about me and focus on mowing.
All right, Ma'am.
(There's 1 worker while there are 4 supervisors.)
(We are watching you.)
You need to pick these.
(Meanwhile, Joon Ho tries to cut the corner.)
Do you like music?
I do like music.
Do you know there's a song about chilies?
(She's not so interested.)
This is the chili song.
(Excited)
(She even dances hard.)
Yes, chili.
How exciting. How exciting.
How easy it is.
(Joon Ho sings one verse.)
In the summer
(She sings the next verse.)
I walk on the riverbank
(A passionate performance at the chili farm.)
This is fun.
(He's poor at helping out, but good at entertaining.)
This is awesome.
You're now listening to Mal Lae's "Chili Story".
Which song do you want me to play next?
Ma'am. Could you sing for me?
I can't sing.
Please sing a song.
I can't work efficiently.
Sing a song.
(Taedong River)
I forgot what comes next.
(She forgot the lyrics.)
- You're good. - It's "Sad Taedong".
("Sad Taedong River")
Taedong River
(The song encourages him to pull the weeds.)
(Joon Ho comes after the melody.)
(He came to visit them while Mal Lae is away.)
How do you like it? Does it help you?
No, it gets harder.
What? I sang the song to cheer you up.
I was joking. It cheers me up.
Defconn, let's help each other out.
We'll work at the chili field first.
- No, work here first. - Why?
You need to finish this first.
It feels like I just got more work.
Why did I volunteer for a harder job?
Just start working.
What am I supposed to do here?
Why aren't you at the chili field?
- Chili field? - Yes.
- Where's Mal Lae? - She left to get lunch.
(Careless)
- You can't do that. - Why not?
Go deep to cut it so it won't come back out.
Why are we cutting it off? There must be a reason.
Because it takes all the nutrition.
(Looking around)
(Where's my son?)
The chili pepper lady is coming. Let's hide.
I should hide.
- I'm here. - Go hide.
- Tell her I'm not here. - You should hide.
- Ma'am. - What?
He ran away as he didn't want to work.
- Where did he go? - He ran away.
- Where is he? - He went back to Seoul.
(Did my son go back to Seoul?)
(I'm going to Seoul, Mom.)
(Eventually, the mother...)
(I was too weak-hearted to hang onto him)
(She sublimates her sorrow into a song.)
(Standing up)
(Singing works great for a wayward son.)
(I feel so empty inside)
Mal Lae!
There you are!
Come here.
I'll go in there.
We should go work there.
- I'll be right back. - What are you doing here?
Finish it first.
You need to pick it like this.
(Mal Lae is upset.)
Look.
(She demonstrates how to pull the stalks.)
See?
(She's violent.)
He's supposed to do this. Where did my son go?
(He's chatting away with the neighbors.)
What are you talking about?
- Let's go. - You're here.
- Okay. - Just do as I say.
- Okay. - You don't look that way.
But why are you so lazy?
Okay. I'll do it.
- I'm on it. - You need a spanking.
I'll do it.
- You need to be punished. - It really hurts.
- You rascal! - It really hurts.
I'm done spanking.
Stop it.
(It turns out my son was a good boy.)
I'm so tired.
(Joon Ho got caught again.)
What?
(Winking)
The drifting clouds
(Letting out a sigh)
Please stop singing.
(I was told this would be a level three task.)
(Meanwhile, this is the level one work.)
(The chilies make Jong Min sigh deeply.)
How are we going to do all this?
It's just better than working in a farm.
- At least I get to sit. - Just do it.
- Should I take this off? - Yes.
(Struggling with a chili)
You won't finish this within today like that.
What should I do then?
(Jeong Ae thinks of Jong Min as her grandson.)
This is amazing.
(He's enough for me.)
Jong Min must be flattered.
- Is it past 10? - Yes, it's 11.
I'm going to pick some persimmons to eat.
- Really? - Yes.
- You got persimmons here? - It's right over there.
(She picks some persimmons herself for Jong Min.)
Here. Try it. I'm not sure if it's sweet.
This is the best part of being in the country.
(He takes a big bite.)
It didn't come out last year.
It's the first one of this season.
(It's bitter.)
I can tell it's the first one.
(Still, this is as good as being in paradise.)
I like it though.
Your dog is having puppies?
- It's about to have them. - Now?
- It'd have a big belly. - It does.
Its belly is so big...
that it almost hits the ground.
Then are you prepared...
to build a new doghouse?
We got the blueprint ready.
You made a blueprint?
My husband did.
- I just did... - I see. Your husband.
All right.
So all I need to do is build the doghouse.
Hammering and stuff like that. It'd be fun.
Make it pretty though.
(Is it a blueprint like this?)
(Is it even a blueprint?)
Is this the blueprint you were talking about?
- Yes. - Is this what you want?
We'd need four sticks on the sides.
- Wait a minute. - We need a plane.
This is so...
We should make it pretty though.
Where's Ddarong's current house?
- This is it. - This?
She sleeps in this house.
I see. It's here.
Ddarong's house is nice.
It's not nice. It's very old.
It must be cool in there.
Ddarong needs a bigger house.
- So what should I do now? - What?
- What should I do? - I told you.
Cut up the boards according to the drawing.
- Like this? - Why don't you use that?
Grab it.
- I'll measure it for you. - Okay.
- We need four of it. - This long?
- Yes. - Okay.
- I'll do it. - Cut it straight.
Okay.
Hold it.
I'll go get the sticks.
subtitles ripped and synced by riri13
Seriously, I thought you had a blueprint.
I was surprised to see that.
So everything is planned in your head, right?
The details for the doghouse.
I have no idea how it'll turn out.
(Don't worry.)
- We need more. - More?
Four.
Should we make it like this? Here?
- Underneath... - You need one under that.
We need another four sticks for the base.
(How would it turn out?)
We need four.
(They start cutting the base sticks first.)
- Four of it. - Four of this.
So we need eight in total.
- We need eight of it? - Yes.
- What about the top? - We need to cut it.
We need 12 sticks in total.
We need 4 on the top. 4 on the bottom.
And another four as pillars.
We already have them.
- So we only need four. - That's not it.
It'll work.
We need four supports here.
And we need four sticks on the top.
That means we need 12 in total.
I'm telling you it's not 12.
We need 4 on the bottom and on top.
- What about the roof? - So it's eight.
- Well... - We need to make a roof.
- I'm not sure about this. - We need four supports.
- I know. - So I'll do as I'm told.
I don't know what to do.
Then, you won't need one on here?
They are the bosses.
Hold this.
So we need 12 sticks in total.
I'm telling you. I'm right about this.
- They are the same. - Put them together.
- Put them together. - This one?
- Where? - On top.
- Here? - Yes.
Like this?
It would've been hard for you to make this alone.
What's so hard about that?
(They're done putting eight sticks together.)
Wait.
(We don't have supports.)
Is that it? It turns out you were right.
I told you. We need 12.
(I told you so.)
You're right.
We need to cut more.
- We need four. - I told you.
We have two.
I just hope Ddarong will have a nice house.
It'll work out.
How many times has she given birth?
I don't even know that.
Where's the puppies' dad?
I don't know who the dad is.
Ddarong. I didn't know you were so easy.
Do you like that Ddarong is pregnant?
No. It's just a lot of work.
I know.
You should tie her up then.
I left her unleashed so she'd watch the house.
Ddarong, you're so...
(Shy)
(They start assembling the supports.)
Please hold this.
(It's starting to take shape.)
We don't have one here.
Gosh, let's just do it as it is.
You were measuring things with a ruler before.
He's getting tired of it.
(She got me.)
He'd just do it roughly to finish it now.
He's tired.
- It's just... - Hold this tight.
It's a lot of work.
Their shoulders must hurt.
- What? - The shoulders must hurt.
- Who? - These guys.
I thought you were talking about your husband.
Were you talking about the cameramen?
It must be very heavy.
They'd dislocate their shoulders.
Go and prepare lunch.
My shoulders hurt.
(She's off to prepare lunch.)
You're worried, right?
No, I'm not.
(You guys take care of it.)
Is this your hometown?
Yes, this is samteo.
- Pardon? - This is samteo.
- Samteo? - Yes.
- The place I was born. - That's called samteo?
- Yes. - You were born here.
I grew up here.
- Where did you meet her? - What?
Where did you meet your wife?
- Jeongeup. - Jeongeup?
- In Jeongeup? - Yes.
How did you meet her in Jeongeup?
It was an arranged marriage.
That's how people got married back then.
It was tough.
Pardon? It was tough?
Sure, it was.
Because I was in Seoul for nine years.
You mean she had a tough time.
That was out of nowhere.
- Were you in Seoul? - What?
(They had to live apart.)
I lived in Seoul. I did construction work.
- I see. - Yes.
Your wife was here farming...
and you worked in Seoul.
You came home four times a year?
Yes.
(Goodness)
Your wife must've gone through a lot.
(He feels bad for his wife.)
She went through so much. She did.
Have lunch first.
Okay. Should I go that way?
- Come here. - There?
I'll go this way.
(He won't do as he's told.)
Everyone, come this way.
(He listens to his wife.)
Gosh, I'm tired.
Who is that?
(Yong Im is bringing lunch.)
I say delicious! You say snack!
- Delicious! - Snack!
I say delicious snack, you say...
Snack!
You're so healthy and full of energy.
Do you work like this every day?
Every day. I don't even realize the time passing.
We don't even notice the sun setting.
We don't notice it.
You're such a good liar.
- I'm telling the truth. - She is.
- Really? - It's shocking.
- She works so much. - I don't take...
government money, not even a cent.
You don't receive old age pension?
No. They don't give me anything.
You worked really hard.
So you should take a break now.
I want to live comfortably now.
I want to go sightseeing.
- Of course, you should. - Yes.
I'll go to Jeju Island.
- You should go. - Go to Jeju Island...
and spend a lot of money.
No, I can't spend money.
How old are you two?
We're strangers.
I know you aren't related.
I want to know how old you are.
She is the same age as my husband.
That's why I'm really good to her.
I thought Mal Lae was very quiet.
I'm very quiet. I'm not a talker.
- I never... - I live alone,
- so I'm happy you guys... - You live alone?
- Yes, alone. - Where are your children?
They all left. They live in Seoul and Daegu.
She raised them with these chilies.
I feed my grandchildren.
I feed my five daughters.
I feed them all through farming.
I press oil and feed them.
She's a rapper.
- I'm not. - I feed them all
I feed my grandchildren and I feed my children
- I feed them all - I feed them all!
By the way,
when did you meet your husband?
I met him when I was 20.
- How old was he? - My husband was...
- 9 years older than me. - 9 years older?
- Yes. - That's a big age gap.
But we didn't live too happily.
Why not?
Because he died early.
(Her husband passed away early.)
- He passed away. - Yes.
That's why I had to work night and day.
- After he died? - Yes.
Nobody in this town works like I do.
- You're famous for it. - Yes.
Now that I'm old, I miss my husband.
I should be with my husband soon.
Don't say that. You should make a boyfriend.
No, I'll meet my husband again.
Because I didn't get to live with him for long.
Did you love him that much?
Yes, of course.
I miss him so much.
It makes me cry.
(It makes me cry.)
Don't cry.
One time,
I wailed in the field when nobody was watching.
I couldn't think of a way to make a living.
I felt like I couldn't continue.
But I did. I'm proud of myself.
I think of my husband when my kids bring gifts.
I miss him, but I don't mention it.
I have a picture of him hanging in my house.
I'm afraid someone might steal it.
(Because he is so handsome.)
- I live by drinking. - Here.
- Let's do a love shot. - Okay.
Do you know love shot?
- Love shot? Like this? - Love shot.
It's good.
- It's yummy. - It's good.
This is great.
She's not talking because Mal Lae is here.
(Quiet)
We were chatting a lot earlier.
We should start working before lunch.
Of course.
She wants to go.
(Let's go and do our work.)
1, 2, 3.
I'm happy.
I feel good.
Hello.
Gosh, it's One Night Two Days.
- It's Kim Joo Hyuk. - Hello.
Hi.
He's here to say hi.
I'm here to get groceries.
- Okay. - How much is two skates?
Two Korean skates...
cost 140 dollars.
- 140 dollars? - Yes.
Give me a discount.
I came all the way here.
Please wait a minute. I want to get a picture.
I need to get a photo.
- How much cheaper? - Hold on.
Tell me that first.
I won't take a picture without a discount.
I'll give them to you for 120 dollars.
- 10 dollars off each. - That's great.
He won't leave unless I give him a discount.
Skates...
What should I get?
- Scallion. - Scallion, cucumber.
- A box of grapes. - Okay.
We have to get fish sauce too.
- Wait. Ma'am. - What?
We don't need to buy fish sauce.
We have so much.
(Just ask our staff.)
Don't we have a lot of it?
How much for 10 cucumbers?
- 5 dollars. - 5 dollars.
- Scallions? - Five dollars.
- Give him some discount. - Onions.
I'm giving them to him for a good price.
- Come on. - No.
You have to give us more discount.
- Cheaper. - It is cheap.
- Come on. - 20 dollars.
Just take 20 dollars, please.
Give them to us for 20 dollars.
For 20 dollars. Please.
(All right.)
I did it.
(A more aggressive negotiation starts now.)
(He shoots a local commercial.)
Do you want high quality meat?
Then come to this butcher's shop.
They prepare quality meat in a clean kitchen.
(With a commercial and photo shoot...)
How much will it be all together?
- Pardon? - Can I give you discount?
Of course.
Otherwise I can't have dinner tonight.
15 dollars.
(He received 15 dollars off.)
It'll be weird if I get too much discount.
I picked the best one.
He's really handsome.
They asked me to pick 1 out of 6.
- So I chose him. - Others aren't handsome.
They're not handsome. They aren't even human.
He's tall too.
(It's back to Joon Ho and Defconn.)
After harvest, where does this rice go to?
- Seoul. - Where are you going?
- Right? - Where are you going?
Keep working. I'm going for lunch.
(I'm going for lunch.)
Lend a hand!
(He's running away.)
- Ma'am. - Yes?
I'm a musician.
- I see. - Do you know rap?
- No. - You don't, right?
Say "ho"!
(He tries to introduce her to hip hop.)
- Say ho, ho! - Ho, ho!
You're great.
(Are you watching this, Yoon Mi Rae?)
You should ride a bike or something.
- You have bad legs. - Yes.
- Should I carry you? - No.
- Come on. - No.
- Ma'am. - No.
Let me give you a piggyback ride.
- Come on. - No.
- I'm really strong. - No.
- Come on. - I said no.
- Just hop on. - No.
Hop on. Just carry my sickle.
Just carry my sickle please.
Nice.
You're so light.
I weigh only 42kg.
- Only 42kg? - Yes.
You're such a good son.
Don't you feel like you're getting married?
I feel like I'm riding a horse.
(She is happy.)
She's 42kg.
I feel like I'm on a horse.
She's my bride.
(Time goes by...)
(and now it's lunch time.)
What will I feed him?
(The old ladies worry about lunch menu.)
There are no side dishes.
There's no side dish. What should I give them?
There isn't much. What should I do?
I have no side dishes.
There are so many.
I hope they won't get upset.
There is no space on the table.
I have no side dishes.
(Every mother feels the same.)
(They always want to give more.)
(Yong Im is preparing lunch.)
Ma'am. I see that...
one of the light bulbs is burned out.
- Yes. - It's burned out.
I'm not tall enough to replace it.
- I'll do it. - That's not the problem.
The lighting itself has a problem.
- Its tip. - Its tip?
- Yes. - It's not the light bulb?
No. It's the problem of the lighting's tip.
It's the tip? How should I fix it then?
I have a new one.
Here. This is the one.
- Oh, this? - Yes.
- You need to replace it. - Hang on, this is...
- Gosh. - Do you need something?
I've never done this before.
(He decides to give it a try.)
(He disassembles the broken lighting.)
(She continues to make lunch.)
(He connects the new lighting.)
(The yellow corvina is almost done.)
(Defconn is...)
(sweating much too.)
(When she's almost done cooking,)
(he finishes setting it up.)
(Will the new lighting that he set up...)
(work properly?)
Please.
(Both of the light bulbs light up brightly.)
- Ms. Lee. - Did you fix it?
- What is it? - Turn the switch on.
- The switch? - Yes.
(The dark room...)
(lights up again.)
(She smiles brightly too.)
- Say "ho". - Ho, ho.
Scream!
(Someone else is working while the food is made.)
Shall I hang it now?
(He carefully hangs the first piece.)
Isn't this perfect?
(Satisfied)
It looks okay, right? Yes.
Ma'am, look. I hung it. I'll do it 1 by 1.
- I see. - Do you like purple?
That's the easy part. Do the hard part first.
You should cover that after I leave.
(You should cover that after I leave.)
I'd get sick.
(This is what he's done in two hours.)
(The quintessence of a homemade meal)
You made more food because of me, didn't you?
- No. - 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8.
(Awesome)
- It's great. - There aren't much food.
It's nothing to show off.
How many bowls of rice are those?
She prepared it for all of us.
- You'll film first? - Yes.
Suit yourselves.
(Even though there are no pork cutlet or pizza,)
(they can't be compared to these food.)
This is the food I usually eat.
(Everyone...)
(enjoys their delicious homemade food.)
It's good.
(Amazed)
- It's delicious. - Good, good, it's good.
- Is it good? - Yes.
Gosh, this is the one.
This is the true kimchi of Jeolla Province.
(Watching him eat makes her happy.)
It's delicious.
(Despite the great food)
- Can I stop eating now? - What? Why?
I ate lunch already.
I was too hungry.
(No way.)
When? While we were working?
Yes.
(Embarrassed)
I didn't feel comfortable eating while you work.
Whom did you want to take at first?
- Whom did I want to pick? - Yes.
The one who went to paper the wall looked innocent.
The one who's papering the wall.
- At Ms. Shin's house? - Yes.
But he seems too weak to hammer.
He can't handle it.
So I was going to pick the fat one with a beard,
but...
I thought he wouldn't be good for me.
(He's not my type.)
The one who worked at the farm?
I didn't think I could work with him.
Your husband told me that...
you got married by arrangement.
- By arrangement? - Excuse me.
- Eat up. - Like many others.
- I should go. - Sit back down.
Did he tell you that?
(He's sitting back down.)
Sit on the chair.
Maybe I wouldn't have married him if we had met.
(Shocked)
We hadn't even met.
Our parents arranged our marriage.
Did you not like him at first?
- Well... - We were married anyway.
He met...
13 other women before me.
13 women.
(Embarrassed)
- I was too young then. - You didn't date anyone.
No. I just visited this town...
and got married unexpectedly.
He met all those women...
but chose me in the end.
I guess you didn't like those other women you met.
Right? He didn't like them.
- I didn't like them. - See?
But you liked her, right?
I told you we never dated.
Still, he liked you when he first saw you.
- We hadn't met... - I had seen you...
when you were in our town.
No, he hadn't.
(Shy)
He was watching you secretly.
- Let's go. - Watch out for the cars.
Okay.
- How much is it? - One dollar each.
You should give me one for free.
(He's still trying to save money.)
It's 15 dollars, but I'll just take 12.
15 dollars? 12 dollars?
- Just 12 dollars. - I don't have it.
I only have 11 dollars.
Fine, just give me 11. I'm doing this for her.
He has a good taste. It's pretty.
(He buys her a pink hat.)
(Meanwhile, Ms. Oh is...)
My daughter sent them to me.
(A phone rings.)
Hi. It's my granddaughter.
(Granddaughter?)
- May I speak to her? - I'll put him on.
Talk to him.
- Hello? - Hello?
Hi.
Hi, are you filming right now?
Yes, we are.
Do you have a boyfriend?
(Do you have a boyfriend?)
- I do. - You do?
She's too young.
All right, take care. Please hold on.
(She has a boyfriend.)
Okay.
(I should just eat.)
We're eating lunch now.
By the way, why is this here?
That? It's a stereo.
- It's a karaoke machine. - That's right.
- It is. - Why do you have it?
My son-in-law brought it.
- For you to sing? - Yes.
- He brought it for me. - He's good to you.
- He's really good to me. - You're a good singer.
- I'm not. - You must've practiced.
No, I can't even speak in front of people.
Gosh, that's not true at all.
I'm not a good talker.
I thought you were Yu Jae Seok.
No, I'm not a good talker. I can't speak in public.
You're a good singer, you raised good children,
you're a smooth talker, you're hardworking,
- and you have cute eyes. - No.
My skin is dark because I've worked a lot.
- You're a good cook too. - I'm not.
Your food was delicious.
Really?
(Was it really delicious?)
When will we see each other?
- What? - When will we meet?
- When will we meet again? - Yes.
Our team is still in this town.
I know. When will we see each other again?
- After the filming? - Yes, after this.
I'll visit you when I come to this region.
I will. I'll visit you when I'm in Gimje.
- All right. Visit me. - Okay.
I have three sons now.
You do.
Actually, I saw a photo studio.
I wanted to take a picture with her,
but I don't have money since I bought her a hat.
Talk to the photographer.
To do it for free? Do you think it's possible?
(Maybe he can make it happen.)
(They go into the photo studio.)
- Hello. - Welcome.
Hello.
How much is it for taking a picture?
- ID picture? - No, together with her.
- Two of you? - Yes.
The minimum charge is 30 dollars.
- 30 dollars? - Yes.
It's the smallest size.
Could you take our picture and hang it outside?
If you want me to.
I want you to.
(He even seems a bit scary now.)
Do you?
In return,
could you do it for free?
(He finally said it.)
She can't do that. Nobody would do that.
How about 20 dollars?
(He doesn't even have 20 cents.)
I can do that.
We will lend you 20 dollars then.
It's a loan.
Thank you. I'll pay you back.
(How?)
How am I going to earn 20 dollars?
(Anyhow,)
(he starts to freshen up.)
You should comb your hair before taking the picture.
You should look pretty in the picture.
Which position should we take?
It'd be good if you sit close to each other.
Put your hand around her shoulders.
- Please print two. - Okay.
Gosh, you look great in it.
Do I?
Here. It's 20 dollars, right?
Thank you.
- Thank you as well. - Not at all.
Thank you for...
- taking our picture. - I wanted to do it.
He's like my son.
(A picture of good memories)
- My work deserves a meal. - That's enough.
- I changed that. - Right.
The television needs to be fixed too.
(The television needs to be fixed.)
(Television too?)
- Television? - It's embarrassing.
Why don't you sing?
Which song shall I sing?
Does it work?
You must press the button, but it doesn't work.
What about accompaniment?
It doesn't work. It's not necessary.
I can't because TV doesn't work.
I'll try it.
- It's covered with dust. - Don't do it.
It doesn't work.
Wait, let me try it.
- Here it is. - It's old.
I'll just try it.
It won't explode.
There we go.
The light came on.
Here it is.
- It must be old. - It is.
(Buzzing)
(The microphone works too.)
(Testing)
(She's surprised.)
Does it work?
(She takes out the karaoke booklet.)
(The sound is still a mess.)
(Does he know how to operate it?)
(It's not a frozen screen.)
This was it. This was the problem.
(The noise finally disappears.)
Didn't I do well?
It stopped.
(He fixes the speakers.)
(She's pleased.)
Okay.
Yes, what's up?
(Will the music play too?)
Here it is.
(Here it is.)
He's a technician.
I didn't think it worked.
My mom ran a karaoke room in the past.
(Enjoy your time.)
(His voice sounds exaggerated.)
(She sings along.)
(My beloved Mal Lae)
(I want to live with you forever.)
(She sings solo.)
It starts with "A 19-year-old".
A 19-year-old
A 19-year-old young bride
Gives all of her love
Let's start again.
Let's start again. Please sing with the beat.
This is Kim Joon Ho's karaoke.
Please put in more effort.
- Okay. - That's enough.
(When the song starts,)
(she immediately takes the stage.)
(Will you go...)
(Will you...)
(Will you go after leaving love?)
- That's enough. - Just one more song.
- That's enough. - I want to sing.
Did you throw away the tears?
(Didn't she say that was enough?)
Come on, let's go!
Let's go.
- One more song. - That's enough.
Play "I Miss My Hometown". It's an old song.
(My hometown)
- I really miss it - I really miss it
(She seems quite tired.)
That's it.
(He continues singing.)
(Sighing)
Stop it.
(He sings alone passionately.)
(Your time is up.)
All right.
(May I sing 10 more minutes?)
Your score might be zero.
What? I'm a great singer. I recorded seven albums.
- He might score 0. - Don't you know "Zombie"?
- What? - It's this song.
(It's the main song from his seventh album.)
What does the zombie say?
(She loves to dance.)
- Go to the chili field - What does the zombie say
Let's go pick some chilies
Let's go.
Let's go to the chili field.
It's at 1:30pm.
(Joo Hyuk and Jeom Soon head to the bus stop.)
It's next.
(There's a music performance.)
There's a big crowd.
(They stare at the crowd.)
Do you want to go see it?
(They come to take a look.)
(He wanders about awkwardly.)
- Are you the organizer? - Pardon?
Did you organize this?
Hello.
I have a question.
We're shooting One Night Two Days.
I borrowed 20 dollars from the staff.
I have to pay it back.
May I participate in the event for 20 dollars?
(What did you say?)
(He's determined to pay back what he owes.)
(On the other hand,)
(Joo Hyuk is usually extremely shy.)
(He doesn't like doing something in public.)
- What will you do? - I can sing a song.
A song?
Shall I sing "Shabang Shabang"?
Yes.
I'm not confident at all.
(He works at an event to take a photo.)
We have a special guest from One Night Two Days.
It's the most amazing and free man.
Here's Kim Joo Hyuk. Please come out.
- Look. - Hello.
He's handsome.
Hello, I'm Kim Joo Hyuk.
What?
One Night Two Days came to shoot in Gimje.
(What's going on?)
Play the music.
(He's excited.)
You are totally awesome
(This is a totally different Joo Hyuk.)
It's time to dance.
You'll be rewarded if you dance well.
Not only Joo Hyuk, but she also has to dance well.
It's a dance time with Joo Hyuk.
Here's some music.
(The big audience could make them shy.)
(They dance well together.)
(She enjoys it more than expected.)
That was great.
She's so excited.
- She's the most excited. - She is.
Give them an applause.
(Before getting paid,)
(the audience gives him cash.)
Thank you so much.
Thank you.
(He's rich.)
Here's your 20 dollars.
(He pays back the exact amount.)
I worked hard to earn it.
Putting the wallpaper on the ceiling is hard.
There's always a way.
I'd like to introduce you to a guy.
Really? Let's bring him.
(Hold tight.)
Let's go.
(The search team goes everywhere in town.)
There he is.
He's right here.
(What?)
You said you'll introduce me to a guy.
Pardon me?
Come this way.
- Get on. - Where are you going?
(You'll find out.)
Will you follow us?
(He gets dragged without knowing why.)
(He's just happy.)
It's very close.
(It's time to change the wallpaper.)
Which song goes well with papering the walls?
I know.
It's "Monster" by Drunken Tiger.
(The song plays.)
(Spread it on)
(Featuring the lighting designer)
- Sir. - Yes?
Could you hang the light later?
This?
Please, sir.
(He installs the light.)
It's easy.
- Can you turn it on? - Okay.
- It works. - Great.
We're done.
(He's relieved.)
(They change the wallpaper to her favorite color.)
(It's a lovely living room.)
Do you like pink?
I like it.
The paper is getting wrinkled.
You're right. It should be fixed.
(We'll hire a professional.)
(He's still proud.)
(In the second stage of building a doghouse)
(He cuts a metal sheet for the door.)
This seems like wood, not metal.
(Next is covering the roof.)
Cover the roof with the material.
(He still listens to his wife.)
That looks good.
(They spend the afternoon working hard.)
(Ddarong)
(It's ready for her to move in.)
There she is.
Hey.
- It's your house. - It's okay.
It's nice. They made it for you to give birth.
Good girl.
(He works on the final touch.)
(One Night Two Days, give birth to healthy puppies.)
(A fancy doghouse is built.)
(The blueprint and the reality)
(He wants to pull out all the weeds.)
(It's a fine day in one autumn afternoon.)
There are so many weeds.
- It's there. - Really?
(For the men from city,)
Of course.
Believe me.
(the life in the country is relaxing and warm.)
How can one old lady do all this work?
(He stops being a lazy man and starts to work.)
(The very fall day is about to end.)
Ma'am, look.
I did all the work while you were sleeping.
Look here.
- You pulled them all. - I did. I did.
(After pulling the weeds)
You did a great job.
- Say "ho"! - Ho!
Make some noise!
(She makes a loud noise.)
Awesome.
("Break Up in the Morning" by 4Men)